README.md, before:

DeSSE - Demon's Souls Server Emulator

This is a very quick and dirty server emulator that supports the most basic features.
Working at the moment:

 - matchmaking (only internally in each region, EU/US/JP people won't see each other's summon signs for example)
 - messages, pre-seeded with some old EU messages, but new messages have priority
 - ghosts
 - bloodstains, pre-seeded with some old EU stains, new stains have priority
 
The matchmaking only works by virtue of Sony's matchmaking servers being online. I don't know
if these servers are generic and will continue working in the future or if they might
be turned off at some point. It works right now, at least.
 
Requirements:

 - python 2.6/2.7
 - pycrypto
 

Setup:

 - set up some kind of DNS proxy (I used https://github.com/Crypt0s/FakeDns - edit the remote.conf file and insert your server's IP)
 - edit info.ss and insert your server's IP
 - create "db" subdirectory in your server directory
 - run server with `python emulator.py`
 
Everyone that wants to connect to the server needs to configure the DNS to point to your DNS proxy in their PS3 network settings.
No other changes should be necessary.

Commit message:

quick refactor to python 3; Config Added; DNS Server Added
a start to moving hard coded strings out into a config json file. data files converted to json, bin files left as is since uh, thats ok. most things now are treated as bytes in message handling. more to do, but this works, for now.

I probs did miss a few things. I'll get to them later

README.md, after:

A very very quick and dirty python3 port of desse; It's not done yet but soon:tm:

DeSSE - Demon's Souls Server Emulator

This is a very quick and dirty server emulator that supports the most basic features.
Working at the moment:

 - matchmaking (only internally in each region, EU/US/JP people won't see each other's summon signs for example)
 - messages, pre-seeded with some old EU messages, but new messages have priority
 - ghosts
 - bloodstains, pre-seeded with some old EU stains, new stains have priority
 
The matchmaking only works by virtue of Sony's matchmaking servers being online. I don't know
if these servers are generic and will continue working in the future or if they might
be turned off at some point. It works right now, at least.
 
Requirements:

 - python 3.10.8+
 - cryptography,dnserver
 

Setup:
 - run command `pip install cryptography dnserver`
 - edit `des_emu_config.json`'s to reflect your public ip in INFO_SS->ip
 - if `local_dns_server` is set to `true` ensure all records' ips match the one entered in the step before

Starting the Server
 - run server with `python emulator.py`
 
Everyone that wants to connect to the server needs to configure the DNS to point to your DNS proxy in their PS3 network settings.
No other changes should be necessary.
